tv-casting-app updated APIs.md docs with new v1.3 Matter APIs (#34093)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: examples/tv-casting-app/APIs.md

    }
    ```

    On Linux, to utilize the optional `CastingPlayer` / Commissioner-Generated
    Passcode UDC feature, the Casting Client may initialize a new
    `LinuxCommissionableDataProvider` with the user-entered `CastingPlayer`
    generated Passcode. The new `LinuxCommissionableDataProvider` may be passed
    to the CastingApp using `UpdateCommissionableDataProvider`.

    ```c

>         LinuxDeviceOptions::GetInstance().payload.setUpPINCode = userEnteredPasscode;

Author: Yes, already included that change in simple-app-helper.cpp

}

...
matter::casting::core::IdentificationDeclarationOptions idOptions;
chip::Protocols::UserDirectedCommissioning::TargetAppInfo targetAppInfo;
targetAppInfo.vendorId = kDesiredEndpointVendorId;
CHIP_ERROR result = idOptions.addTargetAppInfo(targetAppInfo);

matter::casting::core::ConnectionCallbacks connectionCallbacks;
connectionCallbacks.mOnConnectionComplete = ConnectionHandler;

// targetCastingPlayer is a discovered CastingPlayer

> targetCastingPlayer->VerifyOrEstablishConnection(connectionCallbacks,

Author: Merging

    new ConnectionCallbacks(
        new MatterCallback<Void>() {
        @Override
        public void handle(Void v) {
            Log.i(
                TAG,
                "Successfully connected to CastingPlayer with deviceId: "
                    + targetCastingPlayer.getDeviceId());
            getActivity()
                .runOnUiThread(
                    () -> {
                    connectionFragmentStatusTextView.setText(
                        "Successfully connected to Casting Player with device name: "
                            + targetCastingPlayer.getDeviceName()
                            + "\n\n");
                    connectionFragmentNextButton.setEnabled(true);
                    });
        }
        },
        new MatterCallback<MatterError>() {
        @Override
        public void handle(MatterError err) {
            Log.e(TAG, "CastingPlayer connection failed: " + err);
            getActivity()
                .runOnUiThread(
                    () -> {
                    connectionFragmentStatusTextView.setText(
                        "Casting Player connection failed due to: " + err + "\n\n");
                    });
        }
        },

>         onCommissionerDeclaration:null

Author: merging

                                                    matter::casting::core::kCommissioningWindowTimeoutSec,
                                                    idOptions);
...
```

On Android, the Casting Client may call `verifyOrEstablishConnection` on the
`CastingPlayer` object it wants to connect to. Alternately, the Casting Client
can connect to a `CastingPlayer`, using the `CastingPlayer` /
Commissioner-Generated Passcode UDC feature by successfully calling
`verifyOrEstablishConnection`, updating the commissioning passcode and then
calling `continueConnecting` on the `CastingPlayer`.

```java
private static final short MIN_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT_SEC = 3 * 60;
private static final Integer DESIRED_TARGET_APP_VENDOR_ID = 65521;

// Specify the TargetApp that the client wants to interact with after commissioning. If this value is passed in,
// VerifyOrEstablishConnection() will force UDC, in case the desired TargetApp is not found in the on-device
// CastingStore
IdentificationDeclarationOptions idOptions = new IdentificationDeclarationOptions();
TargetAppInfo targetAppInfo = new TargetAppInfo(DESIRED_TARGET_APP_VENDOR_ID);
idOptions.addTargetAppInfo(targetAppInfo);

> // If using the alternate CastingPlayer / Commissioner-Generated Passcode UDC feature commissioning flow.

Reviewer: editorial: The C in UDC is "commissioning", so omit the extra "commissioning", here and in the 7 other places.

```suggestion
// If using the alternate CastingPlayer / Commissioner-Generated Passcode UDC feature.
```

            }
        }
    }

    let identificationDeclarationOptions: MCIdentificationDeclarationOptions
    let targetAppInfo: MCTargetAppInfo
    let connectionCallbacks: MCConnectionCallbacks
    identificationDeclarationOptions = MCIdentificationDeclarationOptions()
    targetAppInfo = MCTargetAppInfo(vendorId: kDesiredEndpointVendorId)
    connectionCallbacks = MCConnectionCallbacks(
        callbacks: connectionCompleteCallback,
        commissionerDeclarationCallback: nil
    )
    identificationDeclarationOptions.addTargetAppInfo(targetAppInfo)

    let err = selectedCastingPlayer?.verifyOrEstablishConnection(with: connectionCallbacks, identificationDeclarationOptions: identificationDeclarationOptions)
    if err != nil {
        self.Log.error("MCConnectionExampleViewModel connect(), MCCastingPlayer.verifyOrEstablishConnection() failed due to: \(err)")
    }
}
```

For a Casting Client to connect to a `CastingPlayer` using the optional
`CastingPlayer` / Commissioner-Generated Passcode UDC feature, the Casting
Client may specify optional parameters in the `VerifyOrEstablishConnection`

> function call, handle and then respond to the CastingPlayer's

Author: i guess we don't need to say handle, that's implied.

CommissionerDeclaration message as follows:

1. In `VerifyOrEstablishConnection` the Casting Client should set the UDC
   IdentificationDeclaration `CommissionerPasscode` field to true and provide a
   `ConnectionCallbacks` callback to handle the CastingPlayer's
   CommissionerDeclaration message.
1. Upon receiving the CastingPlayer’s CommissionerDeclaration message with
   PasscodeDialogDisplayed set to true, the Casting Client should prompt the
   user to input the Passcode displayed on the `CastingPlayer` UX. If the user
   declines to enter the Passcode, the Casting Client should call
   `StopConnecting` to alert the `CastingPlayer` that the commissioning attempt
   was canceled.

> 1. The Casting Client should then update the commissioning session's PAKE
>    verifier with the user-entered Passcode using the APIs described in the
>    Initialize the Casting Client section above.

Reviewer: verbiage and add markup link (make sure it works).

```suggestion
1. The Casting Client should then update the passcode to be used for commissioning 
   session to the user-entered Passcode. Refer to how to set up the 
   `commissioningDataProvider` in [Initialize the Casting Client](#initialize-the-casting-client) 
   section above.
```

1. Finally, the Casting Client should call `ContinueConnecting` to send a second
   IdentificationDeclaration message to the `CastingPlayer` with

>    `CommissionerPasscodeReady` set to true.

Reviewer: added reference to enclosing object

```suggestion
   `CommissionerPasscodeReady` in `IdentificationDeclarationOptions` set to true.
```

On Linux, the Casting Client can connect to a `CastingPlayer`, using the
optional `CastingPlayer` / Commissioner-Generated Passcode UDC feature, by

> successfully calling `VerifyOrEstablishConnection`, updating the PAKE verifier
> and then calling `ContinueConnecting` on the `CastingPlayer`.

Reviewer: From the client's perspective, they are just updating the passcode, so it may be more relevant to just use that verbiage.

```suggestion
successfully calling `VerifyOrEstablishConnection`, updating the set up passcode
and then calling `ContinueConnecting` on the `CastingPlayer`.
```

```c
// VendorId of the Endpoint on the CastingPlayer that the CastingApp desires to interact with after connection
const uint16_t kDesiredEndpointVendorId = 65521;

void ConnectionHandler(CHIP_ERROR err, matter::casting::core::CastingPlayer * castingPlayer)

> {

Reviewer: See related comments. We should coalesce these code examples with the pre-existing ones to match it with the actual example code. We should just add inline comments to say what bits are specific to the new flow / old flow. That'll keep the .md file shorter and will make it easier for the reader to see the common parts.

Author: merging the examples.

                            "CommissionerDeclaration message received from Casting Player: \n\n");
                        if (cd.getCommissionerPasscode()) {

                        displayPasscodeInputDialog(getActivity());
                        ...

                        // Update the commissioning session's PAKE verifier with the user-entered Passcode
                        InitializationExample.commissionableDataProvider.updateCommissionableDataSetupPasscode(
                                        passcodeLongValue, DEFAULT_DISCRIMINATOR_FOR_CGP_FLOW);

                        // Call continueConnecting to complete commissioning.
                        MatterError err = targetCastingPlayer.continueConnecting();
                        ...
                        }
                    });
            }
        }
    );

MatterError err =
    targetCastingPlayer.verifyOrEstablishConnection(
        connectionCallbacks, MIN_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT_SEC, idOptions);
...
```

On iOS, the Casting Client can connect to a `CastingPlayer`, using the optional
`CastingPlayer` / Commissioner-Generated Passcode UDC feature, by successfully

> calling `verifyOrEstablishConnection`, updating the PAKE verifier and then

Reviewer: Same comment as above, just say "updating the set up passcode" because that's what the client is visibly doing.
